# DEPTH CAMERA DEMO FROM PERCIPIO XYZ #

----------

This is a basic template for the users.

This directory implements a samll opencv2.4.8 based application. It gets depth, 3D point cloud or IR-grey data from the PERCIPIO's depth camera and shows it in windows.

## Code Structure ##

## root directory ##

camport_test.cpp: The entry point for the main program.

depth_render.cpp: .

depth_render.h: .

## include directory ##

The include directory includes the relevant headers needed to call the dynamic library functions.

percipio_camport.h: introduce the data structure and api

## Doc directory ##

Percipio Camport SDK Documents generated by Doxygen, which includes the classes, structs, unions and interfaces with detail descriptions.  

## Usage ##

## Compiling the Code on ubuntu based platform ##

First install the Libusb and Opencv2.4.8 releated packages,

second, copy the libcamm.so for target platform to /usr/lib directory, and excute ldconfig to creates the necessary links and cache to the shared library.

run the make command to start compiling,

run sudo ./cam_test to show the xyz secret, enjoy it!



Bear in mind that you may want to CROSS COMPILE the libusb and opencv source code first and then cross compile this demo code for your embedded platform.
=======
Bear in mind that you may want to CROSS COMPILE the libusb and opencv source code first and then cross compile this demo code for your EMBEDDED platform.

Please refer to http://bbs.percipio.xyz/viewforum.php?f=2 for more detais.

